[ch1:p0] CHAPTER 1

[ch1:p1] Wind rustling through the leaves, a shadow weaving in and out between the trees. That was all that could be seen and heard as he ran through the heavily wooded forest. The run always helped ease the pressure; it was just him, nature and nothing else as he immersed himself in the motions. Listen, feel, observe, move—that was all Elior had to do when running. He listened to the sounds of nature around him, felt the resonance of the earth as it spoke to him, sating the turbulent emotions, watched the surroundings for sudden movements and gauged the distance to the nearest obstacle. Moving with a grace that seemed almost feline in nature, he avoided the trees in his path.

[ch1:p2] The beast that lurked beneath his skin found this release satisfying as well. He could feel it had loosened up some tension before he shifted back to his skin minutes before. Too bad he couldn’t just run forever. He looked ahead and saw the silhouette of the manor dozens of metres away. He’d spent most of the last ten years at this estate, serving as the official proxy for his mother at the headquarters of their billion-dollar empire.

[ch1:p3] He’d only taken up the role ten years ago, from his uncle Kristopher. His mother had left Kristopher in charge of their mundane-world business eighty years before. His grandfather had started the Kerenath shipping company two hundred and thirty years ago to serve as a legitimate front and a base for their activities in the mundane world. Over the past hundred and fifty years it had expanded rapidly under his mother’s leadership. Today Kerenath Enterprises was one of the largest privately owned companies in the world.

[ch1:p4] Most of the mundane world’s occupants believed it had been passed down from generation to generation over the years. If only they knew it had only passed through three generations.

[ch1:p5] His pace began to slow to delay the inevitable return to reality. The closer he got, the slower he became, and the more the overwhelming blazing hot aura radiating off him faded to a mild heat that carried a steady calm burn to it. As he crossed the treeline and into the open, returning to his usual self, he caught a scent that shouldn’t have been there for another week. He jogged up the front step, opened the door and walked in. His eyes, glowing a radiant blue-silver with bright hints of green, snapped to the tall figure of a man dressed in a dark coat, jeans and dark boots. The man was ridiculously tall, and that was saying something with Elior being 6’4”, yet this man stood taller than him at 6’7”.

[ch1:p6] As he scanned him over, he noticed the long black wool coat, which suggested he had just returned from the northern reaches of the other realm. After all, he couldn’t possibly have needed it in late autumn here, especially considering how hot Lycans burned. He could already guess his mother had something to do with this. The tall, model-like man standing before him, dressed in a black cable-knit roll-neck, dark jeans and black Chelsea boots, shouldn’t be here for several days.

[ch1:p7] Oh, and he knew him well enough to know he wasn’t simply early. After all, there was no way his oldest friend and ever-doting cousin, Arseny Kerenath, would leave a task specially assigned to him by his father without good reason. But here he was, standing before him with his usual smile; only this time it seemed to carry a hint of concern. He hadn’t seen him in six months, which was barely a blink of an eye to their kind, but he knew that expression quite well. Looking him in the eye, Elior asked despite knowing what the answer would be.

[ch1:p8] “She is here, isn’t she?”

[ch1:p9] “Ahem. Yes. She’s waiting in her study at Kaldon,” said Arseny.

[ch1:p10] “Of course.” There were very few people who could make Arseny leave his post earlier than he was supposed to, and his mother was one of them. Elior scowled and let out a groan of frustration. “I’m going to take a shower.”

[ch1:p11] Watching him walk away, Arseny called out, “You should make it quick, Eli. She’s patient, but not that patient.” Knowing Elior, he chose to leave it at that.

[ch1:p12] As he ascended the stairs, Elior could hear his cousin let out a relieved sigh. “That actually went better than I expected. Hopefully the actual conversation goes as smoothly… who am I kidding, I should prepare some ice for him.” Arseny said it knowing full well Elior could hear him.

[ch1:p13] Ignoring his cousin’s exaggerated, albeit slightly accurate, remarks, Elior made his way up the stairs and to his room, carrying with him a vicious air of irritation that made everyone step out of his way. Once inside, he shut the door and pulled off his tank top and shorts as he walked towards the bathroom. Stepping into the shower, his mind was occupied with conflicting thoughts of cooperating with his mother’s request or refusing.

[ch1:p14] She never gave a direct order. She had simply suggested he join her and his siblings in attending the Ravensworth birthday. He had no interest in the event; he had never been one for elaborate parties. The conflict in his mind was primarily due to it being a request from his mother, and to the fact that Alpha Malcolm Ravensworth was practically family. If it were someone else, he wouldn’t even think about it.

[ch1:p15] Within ten minutes he had finished up and hopped out of the shower. He could have been quicker, but he wanted to put off seeing his mother for as long as possible. He dried himself as he walked into his walk-in closet, not even bothering to look at the folded knitwear in various colours, the shelves of sneakers and dress shoes, or the central island full of accessories he hardly ever wore.

[ch1:p16] They were all carefully curated and organised by his mother and sister. They knew if he had his way, he’d have nothing but joggers, t-shirts and combat wear and a couple of suits in his closet. He didn’t complain though. Worrywart mother hens or not, they knew him well and chose items he liked, even if he didn’t care much for them. He made an effort to dress up from time to time for their sake.

[ch1:p17] Walking over to the right he picked up some boxers, a pair of joggers and a loose t-shirt, and swiftly put them on. Once he was fully clothed, he walked out and headed straight for his mother’s office on the first floor of the three-storey manor.

[ch1:p18] Knocking on the door, he waited to hear her permit his entry before opening it and walking into the room. Behind a large mahogany desk sat Roisen Kedvara Kerenath, his mother. As usual the Kerenath matriarch’s aura was tightly restrained, even more so than his; after all, she wouldn’t want the weaker members of the staff here in Vienna to find themselves unable to stand simply by being in the same building. Despite the restraint, he could still feel traces of the infinitely dense and deep power that ran through her veins.

[ch1:p19] He scanned the study, taking note of the grey coat she had left on the back of one of her two cream armchairs facing her desk. The built-in dark wood bookcases held books and white ceramics; two books had already been taken out of the one on the left. He focused his gaze back on his mother whose face was being illuminated by the circular crystal chandelier hanging in the centre of the room. Its light replaced the daylight that would have been shining through the arched French doors had it not been night-time.

[ch1:p20] She sat slightly hunched, poring over documents whilst occasionally glancing at her laptop, likely multitasking: reading the territory reports brought by Arseny, and yet another email regarding the acquisitions the company was currently taking on. Anyone would be fooled into thinking this office was rather mundane until they noticed the hydrangeas dancing rhythmically without any wind blowing. She was manipulating them using her affinity for plants and nature.

[ch1:p21] Feeling his gaze on her desk, she casually closed a folder and put a book over it, then moved the territory status update documents in front of her to the side. “Arsen must have put those together on his way here,” thought Elior. She pulled up the long sleeves of her ivory satin blouse undoing the buttons at the cuffs. She pulled the stray loose strands that had escaped the messy bun she had put her hair in. Her dark hair somehow managed to look lustrous and vibrant despite the chaotic mess she must have hastily tied it up in. Elior smiled at this sight. He and his father always found it funny when she would pause after every few words to push her hair out of her face. She preferred having her hair up when working at her desk, but she always impatiently tied it up every time.

[ch1:p22] Looking up from the documents she was reviewing, Roisen gazed upon her son and smiled. As had been her custom for decades after he was found, she examined him for any injuries or anomalies. Finding nothing, she relaxed and went straight to the topic at hand. She knew full well that pointless small talk wouldn’t help at all. Because just like her, he had no interest in pointlessly beating around the bush. She stood up from her desk, straightened out her high-waisted, front-pleated, stone-coloured trousers. Walking round her desk barefoot, she leaned against the side and looked him straight in the eye. She somehow managed to seem taller despite the five-inch height difference between them.

[ch1:p23] “Have you made your decision?” she asked. She was prepared for him to refuse. A party such as Malcolm’s birthday wasn’t Elior’s thing, but she wanted him to take a break from the constant loop of working and training he had locked himself in.

[ch1:p24] “I’m needed here. The training for the new recruits is still three weeks away from being complete, and I have three territory inspections coming up a week after that,” Elior argued.

[ch1:p25] “Excuses. You and I both know the training can be overseen by any one of Alric’s trainers. Hell, it was supposed to be taken care of by one of them before you took it up.” Roisen waved, stopping the dancing flowers. “I know you abhor events such as this, but it’s only for a few days. Besides, as one of my heirs, it wouldn’t be proper for you to be absent at such an event.”

[ch1:p26] “Ren and Lia are attending, aren’t they? That should be more than enough,” Elior countered.

[ch1:p27] “It would be, if your father weren’t currently holding an inauguration for new knights making it impossible for him to attend. With Zelkarev in Thornhaven, you need to stand in for him while he’s away at Kaldon. And the fact remains that you are the current eldest of my children her—” Her words trailed off at the mention of a sore topic for them both. Clearing her throat, she continued. “You can’t avoid such gatherings forever. You might as well get the practice in now. The more responsibilities you have, the more you must deal with gatherings such as this and the interactions that come with them. Besides, it’s not every day Malcolm turns five hundred and twenty years old, is it?

[ch1:p28] Holding her gaze long enough that it could be considered a challenge, Elior tightened his fists at his sides. He closed his eyes and raised his head to the ceiling. He knew she was right. His absence would be noticed and noted. Some might even consider it a slight to Alpha Malcolm. The man himself wouldn’t care much about it, and neither would his mate. However, that wouldn’t make it right. Elior couldn’t care less about the rumours, but he had responsibilities, and as a representative of the family he couldn’t allow them to stand. “I could just hunt down the jobless fools and rip their heads off,” he thought.

[ch1:p29] Dropping his head, he shook away the ridiculous thoughts and looked at his mother. He breathed in and out once and replied. “Fine. I’ll attend, but I suggest we take the mundane route. We should avoid anything that would draw attention and cause people to ask questions. We’re meant to attend that conference in New York in three weeks.”

[ch1:p30] “That’s fair. We’ll take the jet and land in New York. Once there, we can drive down to Blackmere.”

[ch1:p31] “Sounds good. I’ll speak to Ric about the squads that will be joining us,” said Elior.

[ch1:p32] “Perfect. We leave in four days,” said Roisen.

[ch1:p33] As he turned to leave, Roisen called out. “Thank you. Oh, Talia and Oren should be at the crossing point in Kedmaon.”

[ch1:p34] To which he simply waved. He understood that her decision to take him along was partially, if not largely, due to her concern for him.

[ch1:p35] Watching him walk out and shut the door, Roisen picked up the folder and opened it. The report inside read “New Jersey Sightings”; beneath it, “Urien”. At the bottom of the document, it said in block letters “NEGATIVE” and next to it “Trail ran cold”. She shut it and slammed the folder on her desk, and the plants and desk trembled slightly. Shutting her eyes, she sighed and calmed her temper, reining in her rampant energy.

[ch1:p36] After leaving his mother’s study, Elior headed over to the basement entrance. Walking down the flight of stairs, he stepped into a room with large cabinets lining both sides. Each cabinet had a keypad lock on it to prevent unauthorised access. Most Lycans wouldn’t be able to force their way through the reinforced titanium casing. Ignoring the cabinets, he headed straight into the well-lit hallway and took the stairs on the left leading to the crossing point beneath the manor. He could already hear Talia talking to Yaela about some annoying prick.

[ch1:p37] “Seems Oren’s pissed her off again,” he thought as he smiled to himself. Stepping into the crossing room, he saw two women facing each other as four butlers took their bags away. The shorter one wore a black leather jacket, a cream top and a pair of blue jeans with black leather boots. The taller woman wore a cropped camel ribbed knit jumper with a crew neck and balloon sleeves paired with high-waisted grey jeans and a fine silver chain with a T pendant, her curly hair left loose falling just above the middle of her back.

[ch1:p38] The taller woman snapped her head in Elior’s direction, her eyes widened and her frown turned into a mad grin. “Elior!!!” she screamed.

[ch1:p39] Turning into a blur of curly hair, she barrelled into him. Already expecting this, Elior had his arms wide open as he caught her in a crushing bear hug. “I’ve missed you, little flame.”

[ch1:p40] “I’ve missed you too, brother. Eight months, no calls, letters, or visits? Really?” she asked.

[ch1:p41] “I’ve been—” he started.

[ch1:p42] “Busy?” she cut in.

[ch1:p43] “A simple message saying ‘Hey, how are you? Hope you two are doing great in the eastern territories. I’m doing alright here as well’ would have sufficed,” she stated.

[ch1:p44] Elior kept silent knowing this wasn’t an argument he could win. Not in the slightest. Knowing how to pick your battles is an important skill.

[ch1:p45] “You’re honestly unbelievable. How do you plan on getting married like this?” she yelled, exasperated.

[ch1:p46] He opened his mouth and shut it at the glare she shot at him. “Sigh, whatever. We’re together now.”

[ch1:p47] “I assume you’ve spoken to mother?” she asked.

[ch1:p48] “Yes, I have. And yes, I will be coming along,” he said, a small smile on his lips.

[ch1:p49] “Good, you can’t stay couped up working forever. You need to step outside, let your hair down, and touch some grass. Something,” she said.

[ch1:p50] “You do know I spend most of my days outdoors, right?” he countered.

[ch1:p51] “Training and patrols don’t count, Eli. I love training, but I endeavour to have a life outside of it. I’m not saying become Ren and party every other day, I’m just saying live,” she replied.

[ch1:p52] “Alright, I understand. I’ll live,” he conceded.

[ch1:p53] “Good,” she said.

[ch1:p54] Looking around, Elior asked, “Where’s Oren? Mother said he would be arriving with you.”

[ch1:p55] “Please don’t tell me he’s been detained by the Lily?” he asked with a shiver. Knowing his brother, it was possible.

[ch1:p56] “No, no, no. Nothing like that. Thank God,” she replied immediately with a cold shiver running down her back.

[ch1:p57] “Even he isn’t that reckless. He ran off to Vienna as soon as we got here, saying he’d be back in two days,” she stated with a groan of frustration.

[ch1:p58] “…” Elior stared. “Of course he did. At least he’s in Vienna so he can’t get into much trouble… Whatever, there are very few things capable of hurting the brat here. Where’s Ric?” He dismissed his worries and asked of Alric, his mother’s third in command.

[ch1:p59] “He should be in the training room with Kasev, Dara, Johann, Mira, and Marek,” she replied.

[ch1:p60] “Thanks, I need to talk to him about the teams coming with us,” he said as he turned and started walking away.

[ch1:p61] Stepping into the training room on the west side of the manor, Elior saw over thirty men and women lined up in rows and at their front was a tall, bulky, blonde-haired man in a black suit and black shirt. The men and women in front of him didn’t dare be nonchalant in his presence. How could they? The man in front of them was the High Warlord; a man whose name spread across the world during the time of the War of Two Monarchs. He was a legend who’d struck fear into the hearts of those old monsters whose names had already been known when he was still rising.

[ch1:p62] Sensing his presence, Alric turned his head slightly and offered his greetings.

[ch1:p63] “Your Highness. It’s been a while. I’m glad to see you’re doing well.”

[ch1:p64] “It’s good to see you too, Lord Alric. Menacing as always.” Elior said with a smile.

[ch1:p65] “Of course.” His eyes glided over the warriors before him. “Someone needs to whip this lot into shape.”

[ch1:p66] Chuckling, Elior got to the point “I wanted to go over the teams for the Blackmere trip as well as the stand-in trainers for the troops stationed here.”

[ch1:p67] “Glad you decided to come with us. I’m thinking we take three teams with us and leave two to handle the training here. What do you think?” said Alric.

[ch1:p68] “That should be fine, it’s Malcolm’s territory so we don’t need more than a few warriors. So the question is, who’s going to have the pleasure of staying here and overseeing the training of the hundred and ten warriors here?” Elior replied.

[ch1:p69] Alric looked at the warriors and called out three of them. “Kasev, Dara, Marek. You three will follow us with your teams. Two of you will go ahead of us and get things in order for Her Majesty’s arrival,” Alric ordered.

[ch1:p70] “Mira, you and Johann as well as your teams will run the training drills here. You two are the best at training and the most well rounded of the five fangs here,” Alric stated.

[ch1:p71] “What do you think?” he asked, turning to Elior.

[ch1:p72] “Perfect. I’d suggest Dara and Kasev go ahead of us. Dara’s gifts are perfect for scouting and Kasev complements her perfectly,” said Elior.

[ch1:p73] “Sounds good. Hand over the training data to Mira and Johann. Kasev and Dara will leave in two days and then you can take point with them,” replied Alric as he turned towards the warriors. “You heard that. Go prepare, you’re all dismissed.” Turning back to Elior, he smirked.

[ch1:p74] “Speaking of two days, I presume you’re aware your brother has run off?” he asked.

[ch1:p75] He nodded to the warriors as they filed out, then slid his gaze over to Alric. “Don’t remind me. That guy can’t sit still at all,” replied Elior.

[ch1:p76] “Reminds me of someone I know, just doing as he wishes,” said Alric.

[ch1:p77] “I was not that bad,” said Elior, chuckling.

[ch1:p78] “Keep lying to yourself. Anyway, we both know he is most certainly not going to be back in two days, right?” asked Alric.

[ch1:p79] Groaning, Elior replied to the older male. “Of course. Even Talia’s stopped falling for that scam. Doesn’t matter though, he’ll be fine. The only worry is whether he’ll actually get back in time.”

[ch1:p80] “Indeed, it is,” sighed Alric. “Let’s go get things in order for the trip.”

[ch1:p81] “Sure thing, old man,” said Elior.

[ch1:p82] “Oh? It seems it’s been a while since your last beat down. Shall we go down memory lane?” asked Alric.

[ch1:p83] “You sure you still can, Ric? Wouldn’t want you to pull a muscle.” Elior replied, turning into a blur as he ran from the older male.

[ch2:p0] CHAPTER 2

[ch2:p1] Elior stood ready, dressed in a black crew-neck tee, grey tailored trousers, a pair of black lace-up boots and a leather jacket. His bags had already been packed and loaded on the plane along with the others. As he walked towards it, a blur materialised to his right. He didn’t need to look to know that the taller, leaner figure was Oren. His brother stood at the same height as Arseny, though he was far leaner than either of them. Oren was still a deadly opponent to meet on the battlefield. Elior and Alric had seen to that, through years of harsh training.

[ch2:p2] As expected, Oren was late. Two days past the deadline he had set for himself and yet he still had the gall to go flirt with one of the attendants in the waiting area of the private airstrip. He was rather nonchalant for someone who was likely about to get an earful from Talia. Shaking his head as he sighed, Elior wasn’t surprised. He had expected it. Oren had been like this for years now.

[ch2:p3] “Hey there, Frosty. You excited to party it up?” said Oren.

[ch2:p4] Glancing at his mischievous little brother, he scanned him from head to toe. Oren was dressed in a black and cream varsity jacket, a black tee, black jeans, and white sneakers. As well put together as usual. Confirming there were no visible injuries Elior replied, “No. I am attending strictly as a formal requirement, Ren. You are welcome to do as you wish… within reason.”

[ch2:p5] “You need to let loose more, Eli. It’s not every day we get to tour the free country of the mundane world.”

[ch2:p6] Not even bothering to look in his direction, Elior replied, “You sneak off to various places throughout the world whenever no one’s looking. Have you forgotten why you were locked down for a whole year? Don’t cause an incident here, Ren. The Ravensworths are practically family, so let’s try not to give them a headache.”

[ch2:p7] “Fine, fine. I’ll avoid doing anything scandalous in Blackmere,” said Oren.

[ch2:p8] As they walked up to the plane, a tall, stocky man in a pristine black suit, a white shirt open at the collar, a pocket square and a black belt with a simple silver buckle pushed stray strands of dirty blonde hair out of his face. He looked up at the two men approaching and offered a respectful nod to the slightly shorter, stockier one, who returned it with a visibly deeper nod of his own, showing his respect towards the older male. As the blonde’s grey eyes slid over to the taller, leaner male, a glare formed on his ruggedly handsome face.

[ch2:p9] “You’re late, Oren. Hurry up and get your ass in here,” he growled.

[ch2:p10] “Come on, Alric. I’m not the only one who’s late. Eli is right here,” said Oren, exasperated.

[ch2:p11] “He—” said Alric, nodding in Elior’s direction, “—has been liaising with the escorts from the Hollowmere pack who will be meeting us after we land. You, on the other hand, were out gallivanting.” His frown deepened as he stared at the young prince.

[ch2:p12] “Ahem… I was simply making strategic connections,” replied Oren.

[ch2:p13] “Strategic connections my ars—”

[ch2:p14] “Enough. Both of you. This pointless argument is wasting precious time. You can continue it some other time.” Elior glared at Oren. “Not on the plane.”

[ch2:p15] Looking towards Alric, he changed the subject. “You said we would all be debriefed on the plane?”

[ch2:p16] Sighing and shaking his head, Alric returned to his usual stoic demeanour, almost as though the nagging parent persona had never existed. “Yes. It’s a quick run-through of who we’ll be meeting after landing as well as a briefing for Oren, Talia, and Yaela. Your mother has already been informed so she’ll be sitting this out. In addition, this will be a good opportunity for you to brief me on the progress of your efforts in the western territories.”

[ch2:p17] “Understood.” Elior answered as he climbed the stairs into the plane.

[ch2:p18] Alric stepped aside and let them past. From the corner of his eye, Elior watched him signal the four bulky men in suits standing on either side of the stairs to board.

[ch2:p19] Walking further into the cabin, Elior saw his sister Talia dressed in a cream leather biker jacket, a black crop top, white wide-legged jeans, and white sneakers. Her best friend Yaela sat next to her in a black leather jacket, a white sweater, black jeans and white high-tops. They were both looking at outfits and hairstyles for the event.

[ch2:p20] Hearing his footsteps, Talia rose to her feet smiling. “I was worried you might just change your mind last minute. I’m glad you’re here, brother. I have a feeling this trip is going to be life changing.”

[ch2:p21] “What about me? I’d be there,” said Oren, acting offended.

[ch2:p22] “Yes, you would be. You’d be there testing the limits of my patience.” Talia rolled her eyes. “Where the hell were you? You said two days. It’s been four! I called, texted, and nothing.”

[ch2:p23] “Tell me Oren Kerenath, do you want to die?” Talia asked as steam rose from her skin, her eyes blazing with bluish-silver radiance.

[ch2:p24] “Ahem… There’s no need for that, right, sis?” he asked sheepishly.

[ch2:p25] Seeing her glare grow more intense and the heat in the plane rising, Oren ducked behind Elior and apologised.

[ch2:p26] “I’m sorry, something came up and I lost track of time. I’m sorry,” said Oren, hands up in the air.

[ch2:p27] “Let it go, Lia, he’s here right now, so there’s no point in incinerating the plane over this,” interrupted Elior.

[ch2:p28] “Exactly, there’s no need for all that,” quipped Oren.

[ch2:p29] “You can always beat some sense into him when we get to Blackmere,” said Elior.

[ch2:p30] “Huh? Wait, no, no, no. Let’s not do that,” replied Oren, panicking.

[ch2:p31] “Sounds good. Thanks, Eli,” Talia replied, her eyes dimming and the heat subsiding. Turning around, she said over her shoulder “Shut it and sit down, Ren. Oh, and no loud noises, mum’s working in the office.”

[ch2:p32] Minutes later, Alric walked in and called them all over for the briefing.

[ch2:p33] “Alright, as you all already know we will be in New York in nine hours for the birthday of Alpha Malcolm Ravensworth. Malcolm will be turning six hundred and thirty years old. We’ll have three teams with us led by Kasev, Dara, and Marek,” said Alric as he looked them all in the eye.

[ch2:p34] “I assume you know them well, yes?” he asked.

[ch2:p35] Seeing them all nod, he continued speaking “Dara and Kasev have gone ahead of us and arrived in New York. They are currently working together with Malcolm’s men to get things ready for our arrival as well as ensuring there are no issues with the officials in the city. Marek over here and the rest of his team will be with us throughout the trip,” said Alric, gesturing towards the tall male standing stoically in the corner. The male nodded towards them and took a seat nearby.

[ch2:p36] “Elior, Marek and I are already liaising with the Ravensworth team on the ground there. Most of our weapons and other equipment have already been sent over. Personal cold weapons and specialty equipment have already been loaded into the cargo hold of the plane, so we are well prepared for any situation. That’s all, you can all go about your business and enjoy the trip,” finished Alric. Turning, he signalled Elior to follow him to one of the other office spaces on the plane.

[ch2:p37] Elior walked into the office and shut the door after himself. Taking a seat, he picked up the tablet on the table and logged into the secure server. Once in, he pulled up his saved files.

[ch2:p38] “As you already know the conflict is between the Bloodbane pack and the Duskfall pack. They’ve had a dispute over some land between their packs for the better part of a decade; however, it has escalated from hostile talks to fights breaking out between patrol members.” Elior explained.

[ch2:p39] “I’m guessing Bloodbane instigated this?” asked Alric.

[ch2:p40] “Right on target. Both packs participated in the War of Two Monarchs, but Bloodbane’s alpha earned great renown and grew incredibly strong during it. Unfortunately for Duskfall, while they did perform brilliantly, they lost a lot of warriors,” said Elior.

[ch2:p41] He continued his report after a short pause. “Bloodbane’s alpha had always been ambitious; he’s taken every opportunity he could get to weaken them further and this land dispute is just the latest in a long list of excuses they have cooked up over the years.”

[ch2:p42] Groaning, he gestured for the tablet. Elior handed it to him and he looked at the images before asking “How about the peacekeeping efforts?”

[ch2:p43] “So far, it’s only helped prevent further physical altercations, but Bloodbane’s simply bullshitting throughout the negotiations. It’s clear they want a war, after all it’s the only way for them to officially expand their territory,” replied Elior.

[ch2:p44] “Man, that bastard Hector is a real piece of work. We’re going to have to take forceful action at this rate,” said Alric.

[ch2:p45] “My thoughts exactly… One problem though, the bastard knows we’ll likely do just that, so he’s relying on Count Halborn to put pressure on the peacekeeping unit. He’s trying to use the old dog’s influence to sway the settlement in his favour,” said Elior.

[ch2:p46] “Of course, the old dogs involved. The greedy fool has always been scheming nonsense like this since your grandfather’s reign. Your mother kept him in line for centuries, but after the incident as well as the other issue across the empire, we’ve sort of ignored small fries like him.” Alric growled out.

[ch2:p47] “Yeah, I know. I originally intended to go myself, but with the whole Blackmere trip thing going on I decided to send someone else instead. It’ll yield the same results either way,” said Elior with a slight chuckle.

[ch2:p48] “Who’d you send over there? It can’t be Arsen, he’s meeting up with us at Blackmere,” asked Alric, curiosity brimming in his eyes.

[ch2:p49] “Kiva,” replied Elior as his smile turned into a wolfish grin.

[ch2:p50] “Oh, you are evil,” said Alric as his eyes widened.

[ch2:p51] Elior laughed. “Hector will be lucky if he’s still alpha by the end of the month.”

[ch2:p52] “He’ll be lucky if his pack still exists after she’s done with him. Sheesh,” Alric countered.

[ch2:p53] “Excellent work. Let me know how it goes,” said Alric as he got up to leave.

[ch2:p54] “Of course,” said Elior.

[ch2:p55] Nine hours later, their jet landed at the Ravensworths’ private airstrip. A convoy of almost twenty vehicles was waiting to receive them. Over two dozen warriors lined up in front of the vehicles.

[ch2:p56] At the forefront were three men and one woman. The jet’s door opened and three of the warriors along with twelve others stepped forward. Standing in rows on either side of the aircraft’s doors. Marek and five others stepped out and stood on either side of the door. Marek nodded towards Dara and Kasev then looked straight ahead.

[ch2:p57] Kasev and Dara stood at the front of each of the rows. Alric was the next off the plane then he stood to the side. Oren, Talia, and Yaela stepped down next and stood next to Alric. Elior stepped off next, followed by Roisen in a grey trouser suit with an ivory V-neck blouse. She looked regal as she went down the steps. On the last step, Elior took her hand and she smiled toward him.

[ch2:p58] Every warrior bowed their heads towards her in respect. Roisen smiled and waved “At ease. Thank you for your hard work.”

[ch2:p59] They all replied in unison, “It’s nothing, Alpha.”

[ch2:p60] The two men from Hollowmere stepped forward and offered their greetings with a slight dip of their chin, “Alpha Roisen.”

[ch2:p61] The older male continued “It’s good to see you again. I hope your trip was a pleasant one. It’s a pleasure to have you here for my father’s birthday”

[ch2:p62] Roisen replied, “It was, thank you, Gabriel. With how long we’ve been friends I couldn’t possibly miss Malcolm’s six hundred and thirtieth birthday” Turning to the younger male, she spoke. “You’re all grown up now, Everett, the little pup who was always running around screaming has started to come into himself and become a fine warrior. Soon enough you’ll be taking over from your father.”

[ch2:p63] Everett smiled, “You praise me too much, my lady. I still have a long way to go.”

[ch2:p64] “Humble too. You got that from Evelyn,” said Roisen, smiling.

[ch2:p65] They continued to speak casually as they got into the vehicle and headed towards the estate.
