[ch1:p0] CHAPTER 1

[ch1:p1] Wind rustling through the leaves, a shadow weaving in and out between the trees. That was all that could be seen and heard as he ran through the heavily wooded forest. The run always helped ease the pressure; it was just him, nature and nothing else as he immersed himself in the motions. Listen, feel, observe, move—that was all Elior had to do when running. He listened to the sounds of nature around him, felt the resonance of the earth as it spoke to him, sating the turbulent emotions, watched the surroundings for sudden movements and gauged the distance to the nearest obstacle. Moving with a grace that seemed almost feline in nature, he avoided the trees in his path.

[ch1:p2] The beast that lurked beneath his skin found this release satisfying as well. He could feel it had loosened up some tension before he shifted back to his skin minutes before. Too bad he couldn’t just run forever. He looked ahead and saw the silhouette of the manor dozens of metres away. He’d spent most of the last ten years at this estate, serving as the official proxy for his mother at the headquarters of their billion-dollar empire.

[ch1:p3] He’d only taken up the role ten years ago, from his uncle Kristopher. His mother had left Kristopher in charge of their mundane-world business eighty years before. His grandfather had started the Kerenath shipping company two hundred and thirty years ago to serve as a legitimate front and a base for their activities in the mundane world. Over the past hundred and fifty years it had expanded rapidly under his mother’s leadership. Today Kerenath Enterprises was one of the largest privately owned companies in the world.

[ch1:p4] Most of the mundane world’s occupants believed it had been passed down from generation to generation over the years. If only they knew it had only passed through three generations.

[ch1:p5] His pace began to slow to delay the inevitable return to reality. The closer he got, the slower he became, and the more the overwhelming blazing hot aura radiating off him faded to a mild heat that carried a steady calm burn to it. As he crossed the treeline and into the open, returning to his usual self, he caught a scent that shouldn’t have been there for another week. He jogged up the front step, opened the door and walked in. His eyes, glowing a radiant blue-silver with bright hints of green, snapped to the tall figure of a man dressed in a dark coat, jeans and dark boots. The man was ridiculously tall, and that was saying something with Elior being 6’4”, yet this man stood taller than him at 6’7”.

[ch1:p6] As he scanned him over, he noticed the long black wool coat, which suggested he had just returned from the northern reaches of the other realm. After all, he couldn’t possibly have needed it in late autumn here, especially considering how hot Lycans burned. He could already guess his mother had something to do with this. The tall, model-like man standing before him, dressed in a black cable-knit roll-neck, dark jeans and black Chelsea boots, shouldn’t be here for several days.

[ch1:p7] Oh, and he knew him well enough to know he wasn’t simply early. After all, there was no way his oldest friend and ever-doting cousin, Arseny Kerenath, would leave a task specially assigned to him by his father without good reason. But here he was, standing before him with his usual smile; only this time it seemed to carry a hint of concern. He hadn’t seen him in six months, which was barely a blink of an eye to their kind, but he knew that expression quite well. Looking him in the eye, Elior asked despite knowing what the answer would be.

[ch1:p8] “She is here, isn’t she?”

[ch1:p9] “Ahem. Yes. She’s waiting in her study at Kaldon,” said Arseny.

[ch1:p10] “Of course.” There were very few people who could make Arseny leave his post earlier than he was supposed to, and his mother was one of them. Elior scowled and let out a groan of frustration. “I’m going to take a shower.”

[ch1:p11] Watching him walk away, Arseny called out, “You should make it quick, Eli. She’s patient, but not that patient.” Knowing Elior, he chose to leave it at that.

[ch1:p12] As he ascended the stairs, Elior could hear his cousin let out a relieved sigh. “That actually went better than I expected. Hopefully the actual conversation goes as smoothly… who am I kidding, I should prepare some ice for him.” Arseny said it knowing full well Elior could hear him.

[ch1:p13] Ignoring his cousin’s exaggerated, albeit slightly accurate, remarks, Elior made his way up the stairs and to his room, carrying with him a vicious air of irritation that made everyone step out of his way. Once inside, he shut the door and pulled off his tank top and shorts as he walked towards the bathroom. Stepping into the shower, his mind was occupied with conflicting thoughts of cooperating with his mother’s request or refusing.

[ch1:p14] She never gave a direct order. She had simply suggested he join her and his siblings in attending the Ravensworth birthday. He had no interest in the event; he had never been one for elaborate parties. The conflict in his mind was primarily due to it being a request from his mother, and to the fact that Alpha Malcolm Ravensworth was practically family. If it were someone else, he wouldn’t even think about it.

[ch1:p15] Within ten minutes he had finished up and hopped out of the shower. He could have been quicker, but he wanted to put off seeing his mother for as long as possible. He dried himself as he walked into his walk-in closet, not even bothering to look at the folded knitwear in various colours, the shelves of sneakers and dress shoes, or the central island full of accessories he hardly ever wore.

[ch1:p16] They were all carefully curated and organised by his mother and sister. They knew if he had his way, he’d have nothing but joggers, t-shirts and combat wear and a couple of suits in his closet. He didn’t complain though. Worrywart mother hens or not, they knew him well and chose items he liked, even if he didn’t care much for them. He made an effort to dress up from time to time for their sake.

[ch1:p17] Walking over to the right he picked up some boxers, a pair of joggers and a loose t-shirt, and swiftly put them on. Once he was fully clothed, he walked out and headed straight for his mother’s office on the first floor of the three-storey manor.

[ch1:p18] Knocking on the door, he waited to hear her permit his entry before opening it and walking into the room. Behind a large mahogany desk sat Roisen Kedvara Kerenath, his mother. As usual the Kerenath matriarch’s aura was tightly restrained, even more so than his; after all, she wouldn’t want the weaker members of the staff here in Vienna to find themselves unable to stand simply by being in the same building. Despite the restraint, he could still feel traces of the infinitely dense and deep power that ran through her veins.

[ch1:p19] He scanned the study, taking note of the grey coat she had left on the back of one of her two cream armchairs facing her desk. The built-in dark wood bookcases held books and white ceramics; two books had already been taken out of the one on the left. He focused his gaze back on his mother whose face was being illuminated by the circular crystal chandelier hanging in the centre of the room. Its light replaced the daylight that would have been shining through the arched French doors had it not been night-time.

[ch1:p20] She sat slightly hunched, poring over documents whilst occasionally glancing at her laptop, likely multitasking: reading the territory reports brought by Arseny, and yet another email regarding the acquisitions the company was currently taking on. Anyone would be fooled into thinking this office was rather mundane until they noticed the hydrangeas dancing rhythmically without any wind blowing. She was manipulating them using her affinity for plants and nature.

[ch1:p21] Feeling his gaze on her desk, she casually closed a folder and put a book over it, then moved the territory status update documents in front of her to the side. “Arsen must have put those together on his way here,” thought Elior. She pulled up the long sleeves of her ivory satin blouse undoing the buttons at the cuffs. She pulled the stray loose strands that had escaped the messy bun she had put her hair in. Her dark hair somehow managed to look lustrous and vibrant despite the chaotic mess she must have hastily tied it up in. Elior smiled at this sight. He and his father always found it funny when she would pause after every few words to push her hair out of her face. She preferred having her hair up when working at her desk, but she always impatiently tied it up every time.

[ch1:p22] Looking up from the documents she was reviewing, Roisen gazed upon her son and smiled. As had been her custom for decades after he was found, she examined him for any injuries or anomalies. Finding nothing, she relaxed and went straight to the topic at hand. She knew full well that pointless small talk wouldn’t help at all. Because just like her, he had no interest in pointlessly beating around the bush. She stood up from her desk, straightened out her high-waisted, front-pleated, stone-coloured trousers. Walking round her desk barefoot, she leaned against the side and looked him straight in the eye. She somehow managed to seem taller despite the five-inch height difference between them.

[ch1:p23] “Have you made your decision?” she asked. She was prepared for him to refuse. A party such as Malcolm’s birthday wasn’t Elior’s thing, but she wanted him to take a break from the constant loop of working and training he had locked himself in.

[ch1:p24] “I’m needed here. The training for the new recruits is still three weeks away from being complete, and I have three territory inspections coming up a week after that,” Elior argued.

[ch1:p25] “Excuses. You and I both know the training can be overseen by any one of Alric’s trainers. Hell, it was supposed to be taken care of by one of them before you took it up.” Roisen waved, stopping the dancing flowers. “I know you abhor events such as this, but it’s only for a few days. Besides, as one of my heirs, it wouldn’t be proper for you to be absent at such an event.”

[ch1:p26] “Ren and Lia are attending, aren’t they? That should be more than enough,” Elior countered.

[ch1:p27] “It would be, if your father weren’t currently holding an inauguration for new knights making it impossible for him to attend. With Zelkarev in Thornhaven, you need to stand in for him while he’s away at Kaldon. And the fact remains that you are the current eldest of my children her—” Her words trailed off at the mention of a sore topic for them both. Clearing her throat, she continued. “You can’t avoid such gatherings forever. You might as well get the practice in now. The more responsibilities you have, the more you must deal with gatherings such as this and the interactions that come with them. Besides, it’s not every day Malcolm turns five hundred and twenty years old, is it?”

[ch1:p28] Holding her gaze long enough that it could be considered a challenge, Elior tightened his fists at his sides. He closed his eyes and raised his head to the ceiling. He knew she was right. His absence would be noticed and noted. Some might even consider it a slight to Alpha Malcolm. The man himself wouldn’t care much about it, and neither would his mate. However, that wouldn’t make it right. Elior couldn’t care less about the rumours, but he had responsibilities, and as a representative of the family he couldn’t allow them to stand. “I could just hunt down the jobless fools and rip their heads off,” he thought.

[ch1:p29] Dropping his head, he shook away the ridiculous thoughts and looked at his mother. He breathed in and out once and replied. “Fine. I’ll attend, but I suggest we take the mundane route. We should avoid anything that would draw attention and cause people to ask questions. We’re meant to attend that conference in New York in three weeks.”

[ch1:p30] “That’s fair. We’ll take the jet and land in New York. Once there, we can drive down to Blackmere.”

[ch1:p31] “Sounds good. I’ll speak to Ric about the squads that will be joining us,” said Elior.

[ch1:p32] “Perfect. We leave in four days,” said Roisen.

[ch1:p33] As he turned to leave, Roisen called out. “Thank you. Oh, Talia and Oren should be at the crossing point in Kedmaon.”

[ch1:p34] To which he simply waved. He understood that her decision to take him along was partially, if not largely, due to her concern for him.

[ch1:p35] Watching him walk out and shut the door, Roisen picked up the folder and opened it. The report inside read “New Jersey Sightings”; beneath it, “Urien”. At the bottom of the document, it said in block letters “NEGATIVE” and next to it “Trail ran cold”. She shut it and slammed the folder on her desk, and the plants and desk trembled slightly. Shutting her eyes, she sighed and calmed her temper, reining in her rampant energy.

[ch1:p36] After leaving his mother’s study, Elior headed over to the basement entrance. Walking down the flight of stairs, he stepped into a room with large cabinets lining both sides. Each cabinet had a keypad lock on it to prevent unauthorised access. Most Lycans wouldn’t be able to force their way through the reinforced titanium casing. Ignoring the cabinets, he headed straight into the well-lit hallway and took the stairs on the left leading to the crossing point beneath the manor. He could already hear Talia talking to Yaela about some annoying prick.

[ch1:p37] “Seems Oren’s pissed her off again,” he thought as he smiled to himself. Stepping into the crossing room, he saw two women facing each other as four butlers took their bags away. The shorter one wore a black leather jacket, a cream top and a pair of blue jeans with black leather boots. The taller woman wore a cropped camel ribbed knit jumper with a crew neck and balloon sleeves paired with high-waisted grey jeans and a fine silver chain with a T pendant, her curly hair left loose falling just above the middle of her back.

[ch1:p38] The taller woman snapped her head in Elior’s direction, her eyes widened and her frown turned into a mad grin. “Elior!!!” she screamed.

[ch1:p39] Turning into a blur of curly hair, she barrelled into him. Already expecting this, Elior had his arms wide open as he caught her in a crushing bear hug. “I’ve missed you, little flame.”

[ch1:p40] “I’ve missed you too, brother. Eight months, no calls, letters, or visits? Really?” she asked.

[ch1:p41] “I’ve been—” he started.

[ch1:p42] “Busy?” she cut in.

[ch1:p43] “A simple message saying ‘Hey, how are you? Hope you two are doing great in the eastern territories. I’m doing alright here as well’ would have sufficed,” she stated.

[ch1:p44] Elior kept silent knowing this wasn’t an argument he could win. Not in the slightest. Knowing how to pick your battles is an important skill.

[ch1:p45] “You’re honestly unbelievable. How do you plan on getting married like this?” she yelled, exasperated.

[ch1:p46] He opened his mouth and shut it at the glare she shot at him. “Sigh, whatever. We’re together now.”

[ch1:p47] “I assume you’ve spoken to mother?” she asked.

[ch1:p48] “Yes, I have. And yes, I will be coming along,” he said, a small smile on his lips.

[ch1:p49] “Good, you can’t stay couped up working forever. You need to step outside, let your hair down, and touch some grass. Something,” she said.

[ch1:p50] “You do know I spend most of my days outdoors, right?” he countered.

[ch1:p51] “Training and patrols don’t count, Eli. I love training, but I endeavour to have a life outside of it. I’m not saying become Ren and party every other day, I’m just saying live,” she replied.

[ch1:p52] “Alright, I understand. I’ll live,” he conceded.

[ch1:p53] “Good,” she said.

[ch1:p54] Looking around, Elior asked, “Where’s Oren? Mother said he would be arriving with you.”

[ch1:p55] “Please don’t tell me he’s been detained by the Lily?” he asked with a shiver. Knowing his brother, it was possible.

[ch1:p56] “No, no, no. Nothing like that. Thank God,” she replied immediately with a cold shiver running down her back.

[ch1:p57] “Even he isn’t that reckless. He ran off to Vienna as soon as we got here, saying he’d be back in two days,” she stated with a groan of frustration.

[ch1:p58] “…” Elior stared. “Of course he did. At least he’s in Vienna so he can’t get into much trouble… Whatever, there are very few things capable of hurting the brat here. Where’s Ric?” He dismissed his worries and asked of Alric, his mother’s third in command.

[ch1:p59] “He should be in the training room with Kasev, Dara, Johann, Mira, and Marek,” she replied.

[ch1:p60] “Thanks, I need to talk to him about the teams coming with us,” he said as he turned and started walking away.

[ch1:p61] Stepping into the training room on the west side of the manor, Elior saw over thirty men and women lined up in rows and at their front was a tall, bulky, blonde-haired man in a black suit and black shirt. The men and women in front of him didn’t dare be nonchalant in his presence. How could they? The man in front of them was the High Warlord; a man whose name spread across the world during the time of the War of Two Monarchs. He was a legend who’d struck fear into the hearts of those old monsters whose names had already been known when he was still rising.

[ch1:p62] Sensing his presence, Alric turned his head slightly and offered his greetings.

[ch1:p63] “Your Highness. It’s been a while. I’m glad to see you’re doing well.”

[ch1:p64] “It’s good to see you too, Lord Alric. Menacing as always.” Elior said with a smile.

[ch1:p65] “Of course.” His eyes glided over the warriors before him. “Someone needs to whip this lot into shape.”

[ch1:p66] Chuckling, Elior got to the point “I wanted to go over the teams for the Blackmere trip as well as the stand-in trainers for the troops stationed here.”

[ch1:p67] “Glad you decided to come with us. I’m thinking we take three teams with us and leave two to handle the training here. What do you think?” said Alric.

[ch1:p68] “That should be fine, it’s Malcolm’s territory so we don’t need more than a few warriors. So the question is, who’s going to have the pleasure of staying here and overseeing the training of the hundred and ten warriors here?” Elior replied.

[ch1:p69] Alric looked at the warriors and called out three of them. “Kasev, Dara, Marek. You three will follow us with your teams. Two of you will go ahead of us and get things in order for Her Majesty’s arrival,” Alric ordered.

[ch1:p70] “Mira, you and Johann as well as your teams will run the training drills here. You two are the best at training and the most well rounded of the five fangs here,” Alric stated.

[ch1:p71] “What do you think?” he asked, turning to Elior.

[ch1:p72] “Perfect. I’d suggest Dara and Kasev go ahead of us. Dara’s gifts are perfect for scouting and Kasev complements her perfectly,” said Elior.

[ch1:p73] “Sounds good. Hand over the training data to Mira and Johann. Kasev and Dara will leave in two days and then you can take point with them,” replied Alric as he turned towards the warriors. “You heard that. Go prepare, you’re all dismissed.” Turning back to Elior, he smirked.

[ch1:p74] “Speaking of two days, I presume you’re aware your brother has run off?” he asked.

[ch1:p75] He nodded to the warriors as they filed out, then slid his gaze over to Alric. “Don’t remind me. That guy can’t sit still at all,” replied Elior.

[ch1:p76] “Reminds me of someone I know, just doing as he wishes,” said Alric.

[ch1:p77] “I was not that bad,” said Elior, chuckling.

[ch1:p78] “Keep lying to yourself. Anyway, we both know he is most certainly not going to be back in two days, right?” asked Alric.

[ch1:p79] Groaning, Elior replied to the older male. “Of course. Even Talia’s stopped falling for that scam. Doesn’t matter though, he’ll be fine. The only worry is whether he’ll actually get back in time.”

[ch1:p80] “Indeed, it is,” sighed Alric. “Let’s go get things in order for the trip.”

[ch1:p81] “Sure thing, old man,” said Elior.

[ch1:p82] “Oh? It seems it’s been a while since your last beat down. Shall we go down memory lane?” asked Alric.

[ch1:p83] “You sure you still can, Ric? Wouldn’t want you to pull a muscle.” Elior replied, turning into a blur as he ran from the older male.

[ch2:p0] CHAPTER 2

[ch2:p1] Elior stood ready, dressed in a black crew-neck tee, grey tailored trousers, a pair of black lace-up boots and a leather jacket. His bags had already been packed and loaded on the plane along with the others. As he walked towards it, a blur materialised to his right. He didn’t need to look to know that the taller, leaner figure was Oren. His brother stood at the same height as Arseny, though he was far leaner than either of them. Oren was still a deadly opponent to meet on the battlefield. Elior and Alric had seen to that, through years of harsh training.

[ch2:p2] As expected, Oren was late. Two days past the deadline he had set for himself and yet he still had the gall to go flirt with one of the attendants in the waiting area of the private airstrip. He was rather nonchalant for someone who was likely about to get an earful from Talia. Shaking his head as he sighed, Elior wasn’t surprised. He had expected it. Oren had been like this for years now.

[ch2:p3] “Hey there, Frosty. You excited to party it up?” said Oren.

[ch2:p4] Glancing at his mischievous little brother, he scanned him from head to toe. Oren was dressed in a black and cream varsity jacket, a black tee, black jeans, and white sneakers. As well put together as usual. Confirming there were no visible injuries Elior replied, “No. I am attending strictly as a formal requirement, Ren. You are welcome to do as you wish… within reason.”

[ch2:p5] “You need to let loose more, Eli. It’s not every day we get to tour the free country of the mundane world.”

[ch2:p6] Not even bothering to look in his direction, Elior replied, “You sneak off to various places throughout the world whenever no one’s looking. Have you forgotten why you were locked down for a whole year? Don’t cause an incident here, Ren. The Ravensworths are practically family, so let’s try not to give them a headache.”

[ch2:p7] “Fine, fine. I’ll avoid doing anything scandalous in Blackmere,” said Oren.

[ch2:p8] As they walked up to the plane, a tall, stocky man in a pristine black suit, a white shirt open at the collar, a pocket square and a black belt with a simple silver buckle pushed stray strands of dirty blonde hair out of his face. He looked up at the two men approaching and offered a respectful nod to the slightly shorter, stockier one, who returned it with a visibly deeper nod of his own, showing his respect towards the older male. As the blonde’s grey eyes slid over to the taller, leaner male, a glare formed on his ruggedly handsome face.

[ch2:p9] “You’re late, Oren. Hurry up and get your ass in here,” he growled.

[ch2:p10] “Come on, Alric. I’m not the only one who’s late. Eli is right here,” said Oren, exasperated.

[ch2:p11] “He—” said Alric, nodding in Elior’s direction, “—has been liaising with the escorts from the Hollowmere pack who will be meeting us after we land. You, on the other hand, were out gallivanting.” His frown deepened as he stared at the young prince.

[ch2:p12] “Ahem… I was simply making strategic connections,” replied Oren.

[ch2:p13] “Strategic connections my ars—”

[ch2:p14] “Enough. Both of you. This pointless argument is wasting precious time. You can continue it some other time.” Elior glared at Oren. “Not on the plane.”

[ch2:p15] Looking towards Alric, he changed the subject. “You said we would all be debriefed on the plane?”

[ch2:p16] Sighing and shaking his head, Alric returned to his usual stoic demeanour, almost as though the nagging parent persona had never existed. “Yes. It’s a quick run-through of who we’ll be meeting after landing as well as a briefing for Oren, Talia, and Yaela. Your mother has already been informed so she’ll be sitting this out. In addition, this will be a good opportunity for you to brief me on the progress of your efforts in the western territories.”

[ch2:p17] “Understood.” Elior answered as he climbed the stairs into the plane.

[ch2:p18] Alric stepped aside and let them past. From the corner of his eye, Elior watched him signal the four bulky men in suits standing on either side of the stairs to board.

[ch2:p19] Walking further into the cabin, Elior saw his sister Talia dressed in a cream leather biker jacket, a black crop top, white wide-legged jeans, and white sneakers. Her best friend Yaela sat next to her in a black leather jacket, a white sweater, black jeans and white high-tops. They were both looking at outfits and hairstyles for the event.

[ch2:p20] Hearing his footsteps, Talia rose to her feet smiling. “I was worried you might just change your mind last minute. I’m glad you’re here, brother. I have a feeling this trip is going to be life changing.”

[ch2:p21] “What about me? I’d be there,” said Oren, acting offended.

[ch2:p22] “Yes, you would be. You’d be there testing the limits of my patience.” Talia rolled her eyes. “Where the hell were you? You said two days. It’s been four! I called, texted, and nothing.”

[ch2:p23] “Tell me Oren Kerenath, do you want to die?” Talia asked as steam rose from her skin, her eyes blazing with bluish-silver radiance.

[ch2:p24] “Ahem… There’s no need for that, right, sis?” he asked sheepishly.

[ch2:p25] Seeing her glare grow more intense and the heat in the plane rising, Oren ducked behind Elior and apologised.

[ch2:p26] “I’m sorry, something came up and I lost track of time. I’m sorry,” said Oren, hands up in the air.

[ch2:p27] “Let it go, Lia, he’s here right now, so there’s no point in incinerating the plane over this,” interrupted Elior.

[ch2:p28] “Exactly, there’s no need for all that,” quipped Oren.

[ch2:p29] “You can always beat some sense into him when we get to Blackmere,” said Elior.

[ch2:p30] “Huh? Wait, no, no, no. Let’s not do that,” replied Oren, panicking.

[ch2:p31] “Sounds good. Thanks, Eli,” Talia replied, her eyes dimming and the heat subsiding. Turning around, she said over her shoulder “Shut it and sit down, Ren. Oh, and no loud noises, mum’s working in the office.”

[ch2:p32] Minutes later, Alric walked in and called them all over for the briefing.

[ch2:p33] “Alright, as you all already know we will be in New York in nine hours for the birthday of Alpha Malcolm Ravensworth. Malcolm will be turning six hundred and thirty years old. We’ll have three teams with us led by Kasev, Dara, and Marek,” said Alric as he looked them all in the eye.

[ch2:p34] “I assume you know them well, yes?” he asked.

[ch2:p35] Seeing them all nod, he continued speaking “Dara and Kasev have gone ahead of us and arrived in New York. They are currently working together with Malcolm’s men to get things ready for our arrival as well as ensuring there are no issues with the officials in the city. Marek over here and the rest of his team will be with us throughout the trip,” said Alric, gesturing towards the tall male standing stoically in the corner. The male nodded towards them and took a seat nearby.

[ch2:p36] “Elior, Marek and I are already liaising with the Ravensworth team on the ground there. Most of our weapons and other equipment have already been sent over. Personal cold weapons and specialty equipment have already been loaded into the cargo hold of the plane, so we are well prepared for any situation. That’s all, you can all go about your business and enjoy the trip,” finished Alric. Turning, he signalled Elior to follow him to one of the other office spaces on the plane.

[ch2:p37] Elior walked into the office and shut the door after himself. Taking a seat, he picked up the tablet on the table and logged into the secure server. Once in, he pulled up his saved files.

[ch2:p38] “As you already know the conflict is between the Bloodbane pack and the Duskfall pack. They’ve had a dispute over some land between their packs for the better part of a decade; however, it has escalated from hostile talks to fights breaking out between patrol members.” Elior explained.

[ch2:p39] “I’m guessing Bloodbane instigated this?” asked Alric.

[ch2:p40] “Right on target. Both packs participated in the War of Two Monarchs, but Bloodbane’s alpha earned great renown and grew incredibly strong during it. Unfortunately for Duskfall, while they did perform brilliantly, they lost a lot of warriors,” said Elior.

[ch2:p41] He continued his report after a short pause. “Bloodbane’s alpha had always been ambitious; he’s taken every opportunity he could get to weaken them further and this land dispute is just the latest in a long list of excuses they have cooked up over the years.”

[ch2:p42] Groaning, he gestured for the tablet. Elior handed it to him and he looked at the images before asking “How about the peacekeeping efforts?”

[ch2:p43] “So far, it’s only helped prevent further physical altercations, but Bloodbane’s simply bullshitting throughout the negotiations. It’s clear they want a war, after all it’s the only way for them to officially expand their territory,” replied Elior.

[ch2:p44] “Man, that bastard Hector is a real piece of work. We’re going to have to take forceful action at this rate,” said Alric.

[ch2:p45] “My thoughts exactly… One problem though, the bastard knows we’ll likely do just that, so he’s relying on Count Halborn to put pressure on the peacekeeping unit. He’s trying to use the old dog’s influence to sway the settlement in his favour,” said Elior.

[ch2:p46] “Of course, the old dogs involved. The greedy fool has always been scheming nonsense like this since your grandfather’s reign. Your mother kept him in line for centuries, but after the incident as well as the other issue across the empire, we’ve sort of ignored small fries like him.” Alric growled out.

[ch2:p47] “Yeah, I know. I originally intended to go myself, but with the whole Blackmere trip thing going on I decided to send someone else instead. It’ll yield the same results either way,” said Elior with a slight chuckle.

[ch2:p48] “Who’d you send over there? It can’t be Arsen, he’s meeting up with us at Blackmere,” asked Alric, curiosity brimming in his eyes.

[ch2:p49] “Kiva,” replied Elior as his smile turned into a wolfish grin.

[ch2:p50] “Oh, you are evil,” said Alric as his eyes widened.

[ch2:p51] Elior laughed. “Hector will be lucky if he’s still alpha by the end of the month.”

[ch2:p52] “He’ll be lucky if his pack still exists after she’s done with him. Sheesh,” Alric countered.

[ch2:p53] “Excellent work. Let me know how it goes,” said Alric as he got up to leave.

[ch2:p54] “Of course,” said Elior.

[ch2:p55] Nine hours later, their jet landed at the Ravensworths’ private airstrip. A convoy of almost twenty vehicles was waiting to receive them. Over two dozen warriors lined up in front of the vehicles.

[ch2:p56] At the forefront were three men and one woman. The jet’s door opened and three of the warriors along with twelve others stepped forward. Standing in rows on either side of the aircraft’s doors. Marek and five others stepped out and stood on either side of the door. Marek nodded towards Dara and Kasev then looked straight ahead.

[ch2:p57] Kasev and Dara stood at the front of each of the rows. Alric was the next off the plane then he stood to the side. Oren, Talia, and Yaela stepped down next and stood next to Alric. Elior stepped off next, followed by Roisen in a grey trouser suit with an ivory V-neck blouse. She looked regal as she went down the steps. On the last step, Elior took her hand and she smiled toward him.

[ch2:p58] Every warrior bowed their heads towards her in respect. Roisen smiled and waved “At ease. Thank you for your hard work.”

[ch2:p59] They all replied in unison, “It’s nothing, Alpha.”

[ch2:p60] The two men from Hollowmere stepped forward and offered their greetings with a slight dip of their chin, “Alpha Roisen.”

[ch2:p61] The older male continued “It’s good to see you again. I hope your trip was a pleasant one. It’s a pleasure to have you here for my father’s birthday”

[ch2:p62] Roisen replied, “It was, thank you, Gabriel. With how long we’ve been friends I couldn’t possibly miss Malcolm’s six hundred and thirtieth birthday” Turning to the younger male, she spoke. “You’re all grown up now, Everett, the little pup who was always running around screaming has started to come into himself and become a fine warrior. Soon enough you’ll be taking over from your father.”

[ch2:p63] Everett smiled, “You praise me too much, my lady. I still have a long way to go.”

[ch2:p64] “Humble too. You got that from Evelyn,” said Roisen, smiling.

[ch2:p65] They continued to speak casually as they got into the vehicle and headed towards the estate.

[ch3:p0] CHAPTER 3

[ch3:p1] Leaving the airfield behind, a small convoy of SUVs made its way towards Hudson Valley. As the two-hour journey began, Everett turned his head to the left and addressed Roisen. “My father sends his apologies for not being able to meet you at the airport, Alpha Roisen. He and my mother hav—” He stopped short as Roisen interrupts.

[ch3:p2] “I believe I’ve told you this more than once, Ev, it’s auntie Ro outside of formal or public occasions. I’ve been friends with your parents for centuries. For Christ’s sake, I used to change your diapers, kid!” exclaimed Roisen as she interrupted Everett.

[ch3:p3] “Sorry, auntie Ro,” said Everett awkwardly as a tinge of pink showed on his cheeks.

[ch3:p4]  “It’s fine, Ev, continue with what you were saying,” replied Roisen.

[ch3:p5] “Ahem. they are currently liaising with some of the neighbouring packs and the talks ran longer than expected,” said Everett.

[ch3:p6] “Liaising with the neighbouring packs? Why? Are they kicking up a fuss due to all the wolves and Lycans visiting or something?” asked Roisen.

[ch3:p7] Everett shifted uncomfortably in his seat and then said, “No, there were some rogue attacks recently. They were mostly small-scale attacks at random points on the borders. It hasn’t just been us; they’ve hit Graystone, New Dawn, and Barren Hill.”

[ch3:p8] He breathed out through his nose and continued. “Usually we have rogue attacks at least twice a year, maybe thrice sometimes, but these were a bit weird. It felt a bit more organised, but then again also a standard rogue attack, you know. The weird thing is they hardly ever attack us. Not many of them are stupid enough to come after us. We probably have the largest number of warriors in the surrounding territory.”

[ch3:p9] Hearing the talk of rogues, Roisen’s eyes glowed brilliant blue-silver. A sudden dense pressure flashed in the car and disappeared after a few moments. The sudden pressure knocked the breath out of Everett. Gabriel’s eyes widened in shock and began to glow in reaction as he glanced back at Roisen through the rearview mirror. Elior snapped his head towards his mother with concern. He discreetly placed his hand on hers and squeezed lightly.

[ch3:p10] Gabriel looked into the rearview mirror, shocked and confused by the sudden flow of aura, then he focused his eyes on the road and continued driving.

[ch3:p11] Roisen cleared her throat. She smiled, laughing it off. “Well now I understand why Malcolm is not here. With his gentle personality those dogs usually just come up peacefully. Maybe they stay for a meal, hang around, and then leave. Must have been furious about that. He’s really easy going, well, at least until his territory is threatened.”

[ch3:p12] Everett, calming himself, accepted her apology. “Yeah, you’re right. He’s been pissed, especially with the fact that some of them kept this hidden. They never said a word until the attack on our territory.”

[ch3:p13] “Yeah, that would definitely do it. What kind of idiot doesn’t warn his neighbours about rogue attacks? Seriously, those fools will be lucky if Malcolm doesn’t rip their heads off. Don’t they know that guy is the ultimate paradox? He could literally be all smiles one minute and the second you become a threat to his territory, bam, a raging fury comes crashing down on you.” Said Roisen, smirking, looking out the window.

[ch3:p14] Gabriel chuckled lightly. “Exactly. You’d think they’d already know this and would have with some sense? This entire thing could have been prevented if they’d just spoken up. We could have been more alert. We’d noticed some strange reactions from them, but we just assumed it was in preparation for the influx of people coming for the party.”

[ch3:p15] Everett nodded, agreeing. “We never even expected a bunch of rogues to suddenly charge our northern border. They managed to injure a couple of warriors before the next patrol and provided support. After that he just ran off.”

[ch3:p16] Elior looked over at Everett and said, “That’s quite odd. How many of them were there? There had to be quite a few of them, for them to be fool themselves into attacking a large pack such as Hollowmere.”

[ch3:p17] Everett replied, “That’s the thing. There were just about six. The patrols managed to hold their own and request support over the Pack link.”

[ch3:p18] Roisen looked over and said, “How did they even manage to escape?”

[ch3:p19] Gabriel looked into the rearview mirror and replied, “Apparently the moment they sensed the presence of more warriors coming down from the pack, they hightailed it.”

[ch3:p20] Roisen breathed out said, “I can’t blame him for missing our arrival. I wouldn’t be able to step away from my territory after an attack”.

[ch3:p21] Arriving at Blackmere, the convoy of SUVs drove through the affluent estate. They drove past the various houses, some large, some small. The driver turned to the western edge of the estate, where a massive building with at least four storeys stood before them, looking stately, elegant, and perfectly fit for one of the most powerful wolves within the state.

[ch3:p22] The whole of Blackmere and a large chunk of the lands surrounding it belonged to the pack, to the Ravensworths. Being one of the largest and most powerful packs in the state, the pack was quite wealthy.

[ch3:p23] Driving up to the building, the convoy of vehicles parked in a row and Roisen and her entourage stepped out of the vehicles. At the very bottom of the stairs stood over a dozen people, but the most eye catching of them were the two in the centre. The taller one was a large man with dark hair and a close-cropped dark beard with a wide grin. The hulking figure was dressed in a grey shirt, a pair of tan trousers and brown boots. To his right stood a tall beautiful red-haired woman with an equally wide grin on her face.

[ch3:p24] Alpha Malcolm with his luna beside him, marched over briskly and embraced Roisen in a hug. After Malcolm stepped back, Evelyn stepped forward and hugged Roisen and the gave each other a kiss on the cheek.

[ch3:p25] “It’s been too long Ro. How was the trip?” asked Malcolm.

[ch3:p26] Roisen smiled and said, “It really has. The trip was very natural, with no turbulence whatsoever, and Everett kept me entertained on the journey here.”

[ch3:p27] Heaven smiled at her son and said, “We apologize for not being able meet you yeah.”

[ch3:p28] Roisen smiled and waved it off. “I heard you needed to have some discussions with your neighbours.”

[ch3:p29] Malcolm grunted as a look of irritation flashed across his face and he said, “Don’t remind me about it. Damn idiots, all of them.”

[ch3:p30] Roisen chuckled and changed the subject as she said, “Yeah, let’s leave the annoying conversations for later.” Looking towards Elior, Oren, Talia, and Yaela she said, “It’s been a while since you’ve seen these guys, hasn’t it? Oh, I don’t think you’ve ever actually met Yaela.”

[ch3:p31] Evelyn turned to the blonde-haired young woman, smiled, and said, “I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure. Just looking at you, I can tell you’re Alric’s. You look a lot like your mother, though and you got your father’s eyes. Nice to meet you. I’m Evelyn. You can call me Auntie Eve. The grinning bear over here is my husband, Malcolm”

[ch3:p32] Yaela smiled and replied, “It’s nice to meet you both. Thank you for having me, Alpha Malcolm, Luna Evelyn.”

[ch3:p33] “It’s auntie Eve to you, kiddo,” said Evelyn.

[ch3:p34] “And Uncle Mal or simply Malcolm like Elior,” quipped Malcolm.

[ch3:p35] Looking a bit flustered, Yaela replied, “Thank you, auntie Eve and Uncle Mal.”

[ch3:p36] Evelyn smiled and said, “See, that wasn’t so hard. We’re family, love. I’ve known that grumpy father of yours for ages.”

[ch3:p37] “He is indeed quite grumpy. You should see him when he hasn’t had his cup of coffee in the morning,” said Yaela.

[ch3:p38] Evelyn laughed loudly, “Don’t we know.” Turning to Alric she spoke, “This one’s got a decent sense of humour unlike you, Alric. She definitely gets that from her mother.“

[ch3:p39] Alric smiled and said, “Oh you’re mistaken. She gets it from both of us.”

[ch3:p40] Evelyn laughed and rolled her eyes, turning to Oren and Talia. She said, “Wow it’s been a while since I’ve seen these two. Last time I saw you guys, you were ten. You’re all grown up. Everett, you remember them, don’t you? It was at my 650th.”

[ch3:p41] Everett nodded and replied, “Yeah I remember them. I believe I’ve met Elior as well, right?”

[ch3:p42] Elior’s eyebrows bunched up as he looked slightly confused and asked, “We have?”

[ch3:p43] Roisen looked at Elior and said, “Yes, you have. You met him at Evelyn’s father’s birthday sixty-six years ago.”

[ch3:p44] Roisen continued saying “He’s 86 now so he would have been 10 at the time.”

[ch3:p45] “Oh, I think I remember now. He was in the hall with you just before you had to meet up with Malcolm after some incident, right?” asked Elior, pulling on a vague memory.

[ch3:p46] Everett replied, “Yeah, you arrived halfway into the party and introduced yourself as Eli. You promised to spar with me once I got older. We got cut off mid-conversation when Mum and I had to go meet up with dad.”

[ch3:p47] Malcolm joined in remembering the events of the night, “Yeah, some pup had pushed Ari in a rush to grab some snacks. She hurt her elbow and I stepped away to calm her down. Eve ended up having to bring Everett with her to take over after I got called back in to give a speech.”

[ch3:p48] “I remember that. Though most of that night was a blur. Damn, I must have been what? Thirty-two back then,” said Elior.

[ch3:p49] “Yeah, several decades later. Here you are a hundred and eight years old,” replied Roisen.

[ch3:p50] “Time flies, you know,” said Evelyn.

[ch3:p51] “Come to think of it. Did you ever get to meet Ariana? I know Talia and Oren met her forty years ago at Eve’s six hundred and thirtieth, but you weren’t there,” asked Roisen.

[ch3:p52] Elior shook his head, “No, I don’t believe I have. I probably left the birthday early after Malcolm’s speech.”

[ch3:p53] “Yeah, we came back in towards the end and you had already left,” said Evelyn.

[ch3:p54] “Yeah, I think I had an early flight to Montana,” said Elior.

[ch3:p55] Evelyn nodded in understanding and said, “Well, there’s no better time than the present. You can meet her when she gets back. She’s running an errand at New Dawn; she’ll be back in an hour or so.”

[ch3:p56] “I guess I’ll meet her then,” said Elior.

[ch3:p57] While they were speaking Alric and Gabriel had already confirmed the Kerenath warriors would be housed at the pack house guest wing. He walked over to the group and he, Roisen, Elior, Talia and Oren and the Ravensworths climbed into some of the SUVs alongside four warriors as they headed towards Malcolm’s house, where they would be staying for the next few days.

[ch3:p58] Driving for three minutes, they pulled up to a large two-storey house with a beautiful garden in front of it. They all stepped out of the vehicles, and the warriors took their luggage in under Evelyn’s guidance alongside Roisen. Elior, Talia, Oren and Yaela headed over to their rooms.

[ch3:p59] After everyone finished settling into their rooms, Alric and Gabriel headed off to the warriors’ training area to discuss Kasev, Dara, and Marek as well as their teams joining in the Hollowmere warriors’ daily training routines.

[ch3:p60] Before Malcolm and Roisen could make their way to Malcolm’s study, Malcolm received a mind link. His head snapping towards the front door, he smiled and turned to Roisen and said, “Seems your nephew has arrived at the pack.”

[ch3:p61] Malcolm and Roisen turned around and started walking towards the front door. As they reached it, a car pulled up in front of the house and Arseny stepped out. They opened the door and he looked up and said, “Hi Auntie Ro. Hi Alpha Malcolm, it’s good to see you again.”

[ch3:p62] “Arseny boy, you look just like your father. I almost mistook you for Kristopher himself,” laughed Malcolm as he spoke to Arseny.

[ch3:p63] “He does, doesn’t he?” said Roisen.

[ch3:p64] “I do get there a lot,” said Arseny. “Where are the others?”

[ch3:p65] “Alric has gone off with Gabriel to organize training for the warriors. Elior, Talia and Oren are inside, though. They’re currently hanging out with Evelyn in the kitchen,” said Roisen.

[ch3:p66] “Oren actually managed to make it for the flight? That’s a surprise,” said Arseny.

[ch3:p67] Roisen shook her head, sighed, and said, “Yeah he did. Showed up this morning. Luckily for him, Talia already packed up his stuff, and we’d had everything on the plane.”

[ch3:p68] Arseny burst out laughing, “That definitely sounds like something he would do. He’s lucky to have Talia.”

[ch3:p69] Malcolm looked at Arseny, and said, “Welcome to my home, Arseny. Why don’t you go in, get a drink and settle in with the others.”

[ch3:p70] Arseny responded with a smile and said, “Thanks for having me, Malcolm.”

[ch3:p71] Roisen and Malcolm turned around and walked in after him then they headed towards Malcolm’s study.

[ch3:p72] Malcolm ushered Roisen into the study and offered her one of the armchairs in front of his desk, then he walked over to the table to the left of his desk and asked over his shoulder.

[ch3:p73] “What are you drinking, Ro? Rum, wine or whisky?” asked Malcolm.

[ch3:p74] “Whisky’s fine, please,” replied Roisen.

[ch3:p75] Malcolm poured two glasses of whisky and handed one over to Roisen. She offered her thanks and Malcolm took a seat in the other armchair next to Roisen’s, turning his to face hers.

[ch3:p76] “So old friend, where’s your husband run off to? Rev, that bastard hardly ever leaves your side unless it’s necessary,” asked Malcolm.

[ch3:p77] Roisen took a sip of her drink and replied, “He’s in Thornhaven inaugurating a few knights to one of the royal knight orders. He tried getting out of it, but the court insisted since it’s tradition for the King to personally swear in the new royal knights.”

[ch3:p78] Pausing to take another sip, Roisen continued. “Plus, there’s a lordship succession taking place four days after the knighting. All in all, there was no way he could make it. He sends his love, though.”

[ch3:p79] “Damn, royal business sounds like a hassle,” said Malcolm.

[ch3:p80] “Tell me about it. That and he may or may not be secretly coordinating a search for Urien with my father and some of the Fae court’s forces.” She added whilst casually swirling her drink.

[ch3:p81] “Huh. How’s it going? Any positive leads?” asked Malcolm.

[ch3:p82] “Still nothing yet. The last report from him was a month ago. It stated he had cleared the Silent Meadows and there were no traces,” Roisen replied.

[ch3:p83] Taking another bigger sip, she continued. “My search on the mundane side pulled up the same results in New Jersey.”

[ch3:p84] Sighing Malcolm asked, “Damn, how are you two holding up with it?”

[ch3:p85] “As best as we can. Anyway, let’s change the topic. I don’t want Eli catching wind of it. It took a while to get him to stop obsessing over it.”

[ch3:p86] Nodding in understanding, Malcolm spoke, “I remember. Anyway, Evelyn and I are always here to help if you need it.”

[ch3:p87] “Thanks, Mal. Anyway, what’s this I hear about rogue attacks on your territory? What sort of suicidal lunatics are roaming around here?” asked Roisen.

[ch3:p88] Growling lowly, Malcolm took a deep sip of his drink and replied, “It’s nothing. Some rogues had been attacking the borders of the neighbouring packs as they usually do around this time of the year. They usually sneak in and try to sneak off with some food and clothing. Some demented ones are more aggressive, attacking like they’re looking to die in battle.”

[ch3:p89] “Okay, but I heard this one was a bit different from the usual. Besides, they hardly ever attack your pack.” She paused looking her friend in the eye. She knew things like this irritated him, so he avoided talking about it. It wasn’t from a place of pride, rather it simply pissed him off just thinking about his people coming to harm and he was worrying about her unnecessarily.

[ch3:p90] But they needed to discuss it, after all, her family was here as well. Not that some rogues could actually harm them. She pressed on the subject and asked, “What’s going on, Mal? Talk to me.”

[ch3:p91] “It started four months ago. A couple of rogues attacked Barren Hill along their southern borders. It wasn’t much, just eight of them. They injured a couple of the patrols and ran off before reinforcements arrived. Then a month later, the same thing happened to Graystone about a mile away from where their border meets ours. And then a month after that a dozen rogues hit New Dawn injuring two warriors on patrol before being run off by the reinforcements.”

[ch3:p92] Roisen sat up listening to Malcolm, her eyes darkening as he spoke.

[ch3:p93] “None of them said a thing to each other or informed us of the attacks until we contacted them after we got hit. That was a month ago.” Malcolm’s eyes were glowing as his hand tightened into a fist around the glass.

[ch3:p94] “There were no losses, but as you can imagine it was hardly a pleasant situation. We increased patrols and bolstered security afterwards. I rained hell on their heads over the phone for a couple days – honestly, I was tempted to march over and rip their incompetent heads off. How could none of them think to communicate that they had suffered an attack. I know it’s the usual every year, but it’s still worth letting the others know so they can be prepared!” Malcolm said loudly as he dropped the glass on the desk to avoid crushing it in his anger.

[ch3:p95] “Calm down, Mal, you know how prideful alphas can be. Hell, you didn’t want to speak to me about it,” said Roisen.

[ch3:p96] Malcolm breathed out and spoke, “I know, it’s why I haven’t marched over to their packs to lay into their sorry asses. Honestly, I was planning on cancelling the party, but Eve and Ari insisted and I gave in.”

[ch3:p97] Roisen nodded in understanding. She would have felt and acted the same in Malcolm’s position. She looked towards the wall about to take a sip, but something about what Malcolm said stuck to her.

[ch3:p98] “You said they attacked Barren Hill first, right?” Roisen asked.

[ch3:p99] “Yeah, they did. Why?” replied Malcolm.

[ch3:p100] “Barren Hill is north of your pack, yes?” asked Roisen as she looked at the map on the wall behind Malcolm detailing Hollowmere and the territories surrounding it.

[ch3:p101] “Yeah, what’s going on?” asked Malcolm, feeling a weird sensation from the line of questions.

[ch3:p102] Roisen’s gaze at the map deepened as she asked, “And then they hit Graystone, which borders you in the east, and finally New Dawn to the south?”

[ch3:p103] Malcolm’s eyes narrowed as he responded, “Yeah. They hit us twice: once more, two weeks after the initial attack, and then they hit Barren Hill again a couple days later.”

[ch3:p104] “And every single one of them was a hit and run, yeah?” asked Roisen.

[ch3:p105] “Yeah, they never really stayed long enough to get into a full-on battle. Most were a few quick attacks on some warriors and then they left. Almost like they were…” said Malcolm as he trailed off.

[ch3:p106] Roisen looked him in the eyes and said, “They were testing the borders. They are testing entry and exit points. That means they either plan on attacking you or Barren Hill or -”

[ch3:p107] “Barren Hill” They both said coming to the same conclusion.

[ch3:p108] Malcolm continued and said, “That makes no sense. Sure, they occasionally attacked the other packs. But they usually just do quick smash and grabs. I mean sure, sometimes they attack and try to occasionally kidnap some of the women and children…” as he spoke a wave of raw power hit him like a sledgehammer. He poured out his mana to ward it off as he stared at Roisen shocked.

[ch3:p109] Roisen’s eyes were glowing a bright bluish silver as the glass in her hands shattered. Malcolm didn’t move an inch, but he was prepared should things take a turn for the worse.

[ch3:p110] Luckily, that wasn’t necessary as Roisen closed her eyes and reined in her overwhelming aura. Once she was calm, she apologised and said, “Sorry about that. Kidnappings and children are still a bit of a sore topic”

[ch3:p111] “It’s fine Ro. I shouldn’t have mentioned that,” said Malcolm.

[ch3:p112] “No, it’s fine. You shouldn’t have to walk around me,” replied Roisen.

[ch3:p113] A link came through from Evelyn asking what the sudden burst of power was. Malcolm replied, giving her a quick explanation of what happened.

[ch3:p114] Clearing her throat, she said. “They might be planning an attack on you or Barren Hill. So far, all the attacks look like they’re testing the borders, circling their prey, trying to see what the best entry point will be or will be the best exit point. The question will be: what will be their goal? They don’t have enough of them to even pull off an attack on Barren Hill, much less you, so it makes no sense.”

[ch3:p115] Malcolm growled loudly at the word prey. Then he took a breath and calmed himself.

[ch3:p116] Malcolm waved it off, “Exactly, and if it’s some suicidal There are easier ways to get themselves killed.”

[ch3:p117] “Well, whatever the case, these rogues seem to be targeting your packs. I suggest you double security especially with all the guests coming down,” said Roisen.

[ch3:p118] Malcolm nodded in agreement and said, “I should probably contact Greg, the alpha at Barren Hill.”

[ch3:p119] After ending their conversation, Roisen cleared up the mess from the broken glass and left the study leaving Malcolm to his thoughts.

[ch3:p120] Malcolm sat at his desk staring at the map to his right. He frowned slightly and sighed. They were testing his borders. As ridiculous as it seemed to him, the signs were there. It was obvious. He couldn’t believe he had missed the signs.

[ch3:p121] Malcolm had always done his best to follow his father’s advice and never let pride get the better of him, yet it seemed after years of leading Hollowmere and being hailed as one of the strongest alphas in the state, he had inadvertently allowed himself to become so drunk on pride he failed to see obvious signs simply because he thought it ridiculous for mere rogues to dare attack Hollowmere; a pack with a population of nearly a thousand wolves and several thousand elite warriors.

[ch3:p122] However, that exact situation seemed like it might end up playing out.

[ch3:p123] Shaking away those thoughts, he picked up his phone to make a call when he glanced at the seat his friend, Roisen had sat in. He thought back to her outburst and the violent wave of pure energy she had released. The aura he felt from the mana in that wave of energy was ridiculously strong as one would expect from an alpha queen.

[ch3:p124] Yet he couldn’t help but feel something was out of place. It was strong, yes. But not overwhelmingly strong. It felt just as ridiculous as it did four hundred years ago when they met at the Silent Meadows just two decades after the war. But that in itself was the problem. The outstanding prodigy, Roisen, daughter of Ciaran the Bloody, the lady of Black Thorns had just released a wave of energy with no restraint and yet it still felt the same as it did four hundred years ago like she hadn’t moved an inch from that spot when they met at the Whispering Meadows until now.

[ch3:p125] That made no sense to Malcolm, someone as gifted as her should have risen far higher than that by now. Quite frankly, he should have struggled to resist Roisen’s outburst.

[ch3:p126] Unable to let it go Malcolm racked his memory for the last time Roisen had let her power flow unrestrained and remembered a summer one hundred and three years ago. Elior and Urien were just five years old and they were walking through the woods behind Roisen’s palace in Kaldon. Roisen, Elior, Evelyn and Malcolm were taking a stroll through the woods and Elior had wandered off and tripped near the edge of a cliff. Roisen who had been spreading her senses throughout the forest noticed and, in her panic, she had released a blinding wave of power as she moved with speed that made it impossible for even Malcolm to notice. One second, she was there and the next she was gone. But what stuck to him though was that burst of power had sent both him and Evelyn to their knees unable to rise until Roisen reined it in.

[ch3:p127] Just thinking about that occasion it made no sense that he had been able to hold his own today. Sure, he had grown stronger, but so would she. Besides, he was well aware he had not even come close to closing the gap between himself and where she was back then. So why? Either she’s weakened for some reason or she has better control than he gave her credit for.

[ch3:p128] Sighing once more, he stopped thinking about it and decided to ask her when he got the chance later. For now, he needed to focus on making those calls.

[ch3:p129] Alric and Gabriel stood in the centre of a field. To the left a group of warriors were sparring and training. They were going over training plans, trying to figure out how to work in the warriors from the Kerenath Royal Pack.

[ch3:p130] Alric looked at the plan they had drafted and said, “Okay the plan’s in. Morning runs led by your man Bryson and evening runs led by Kasev.”

[ch3:p131] “Sounds about right. The sessions will be held in the afternoon. Since you guys have three teams here, it’ll be three teams on three teams so we’ll both be overseeing the training sessions. It’ll be a quick spot test. We’ll be able to ensure everything stays within acceptable limits. Besides that, I think we’re good. I have my challenge course down in the woods to the east. Not sure how you guys run things over on your end, but I think my pulls are fair enough,” said Gabriel.

[ch3:p132] “Okay sounds good. Daily runs, then the sparring sessions will begin. I guess it might not be a bad idea to alternate. Maybe two days to the sparring sessions, so tomorrow and the day after, and then after that they do the challenge course you have over there,” said Alric.

[ch3:p133] “Sounds brilliant, what else do you guys get up to?” Asked Gabriel.

[ch3:p134] “Usually we have a tactical training session at least about once a week, sometimes twice. Elior usually leads at least one of them when he’s around. We also have a challenge course. We also split the sparring sessions between armed and unarmed sessions as well as shifted sessions,” replied Alric.

[ch3:p135] “Yeah we run tactical sessions here as well. I think Malcolm got that from you. I remember he came to visit you guys over at Kaldon about a century ago and when he got back he could not stop talking about the tactical training sessions. Since then we’ve been doing it and I have to say it’s a brilliant idea. It helped a lot with me. Definitely played a big part in the war against Silver Fang twenty years ago,” said Gabriel.

[ch3:p136] “You’re giving me too much credit. As much as I would like to say that was my idea, it was Ciaran’s,” said Alric. He continued “Started doing it a couple years before the war and just became part of the pack. After the war we started doing almost full-scale war scenarios at least once a year.”

[ch3:p137] “Okay that’s all cool. Doing war scenarios before the war, impressive,” said Gabriel.

[ch3:p138] As he was speaking the silhouette of a wolf blurred past the tree line and started bounding towards them. This wolf’s fur was such a bright orange that it looked like flowing flames. As the red furred wolf got closer you could make out what seemed to be clothes in its mouth. It suddenly leaped, shifting with rapid speed. By the time it landed, a woman stood in its place.

[ch3:p139] The woman quickly pulled on the clothes she had in her hand, the same ones that had been in the wolf’s mouth. Then she blurred forward and raced towards the men. They could see a tall lithe young redhead racing towards them. She looked like she was just in her early twenties, but she wasn’t. She was Annabelle Ravensworth, the youngest Ravensworth child. She was already in her forties this year.

[ch3:p140] She came to a stop in front of them and smiled towards Gabriel and said, “I just finished the perimeter runs. No signs of anything, all clear, all good.” Then turning towards Alric, she smiled. “You must be from the Kerenath delegation. Hi I’m Annabelle. You are?”

[ch3:p141] I chuckled and said, “Markham wasn’t kidding when he said you were full of energy.” Hey Alric, Roisen’s, third.”

[ch3:p142] “Nice to meet you, Alric. I’ve heard a lot of stories about you. I have a feeling I’ll be hearing a lot more later on though. Anyways I’ll see you guys later. I need to shower and prepare for the party,” she said.

[ch3:p143] Stood in front of the mirror in his room Elior stared at himself in the grey tux he had prepared for the party. It fit perfectly and looked exquisite; however, it didn’t do much for making him ready to deal with the dozens if not hundreds of chatty people that would be attending this damn party.

[ch3:p144] He turned and headed out of his room in search of Oren and Talia. He walked down the hall to Oren’s room and knocked. Not hearing anything after knocking thrice, he opened the door to find the room empty. Pinching the bridge of his nose Elior groaned and said, “Damn it Oren, wherever you are just don’t cause any trouble.”

[ch3:p145] He turned around and left the room. As he turned to his right heading to Talia’s room, she stepped out with Yaela, her curly hair now in braids.

[ch3:p146] Talia smiled at Elior and asked, “Well, hello to this dashing gentleman. Who are you and what have you done with my brother?”

[ch3:p147] Elior chuckled, smiled, and said, “He looks stunning as well sis. And you too Yaela.”

[ch3:p148] Smiling and confident, she looked around and asked, “Wait where’s Oren?”

[ch3:p149] Elior glanced at the door and said, “Oh he’s getting dressed. He’ll meet us at the party.”

[ch3:p150] “Okay, let’s go then,” said Talia.

[ch3:p151] All three of them headed out. They met up with Roisen and Alric as they headed towards the party. They got in two SUVs and drove to the packhouse, where the celebrations were taking place in the main hall. Driving up, they parked right in front of the house, stepped out, and walked towards the doors.

[ch4:p0] CHAPTER 4

[ch4:p1] Elior stood among a group of five random wolves he knew nothing about besides the fact that some of them were from a neighbouring pack and some from packs on the other side of the state.

[ch4:p2] It came as no surprise that there were hundreds of shifters from various parts of the country, after all with a powerful Lycan such as Malcolm, having connections scattered across the map was to be expected. Even more so considering that the Ravensworth family and by extension their pack were extremely wealthy one of the largest privately held companies in the country, worth billions, in their name, who wouldn’t jump at a chance to build a better rapport with them.

[ch4:p3] And that is why Elior was being subjected to the torture of having to listen to various conversations and discussions, some completely irrelevant and others completely of no interest to him. A few of them actually spoke about something meaningful. Some discussions about businesses within the city. Some of them he’d already noted down because they had had to do with some of the meetings that would be coming up at the Kerenath Enterprises in a couple of weeks.

[ch4:p4] Elior disengaged from the group and wandered around filtering through the various conversations about business deals and contracts voided. Real estate purchases. Some were even discussing which of the latest luxury car models were more high-class and aesthetic.

[ch4:p5] Ignoring the ridiculous conversations, Elior stumbled across a group talking about recent pack dealings. Some of them were discussing the negotiations between Graystone and New Dawn regarding the land disputes. Another was discussing a recent joint training initiative between New Dawn and Barren Hill, which seemed to be in relation to the recent attacks. Though, from the way they discussed the attacks, it seemed like they didn’t really put much importance on it. The way the conversations flowed seemed more like them discussing the weather and someone just deciding to buy an umbrella just in case it rained. Elior scoffed, completely baffled by how callous they were about it.

[ch4:p6] Granted, attacks by rogues did occur quite frequently around this time of the year due to how close it was to midsummer. Eli shook his head, irritated by the conversations. As he walked on he heard a couple of old warriors discussing the war between Silverfang and Hollowmere twenty years ago. As he listened, he looked around trying to find any of the host family members within the party. He spotted Everett about two or three tables away; however, he was already locked in a conversation with a couple of older warriors.

[ch4:p7] From the looks of it, Malcolm and Evelyn wouldn’t be arriving for another couple of minutes. As soon as they entered the building, Roisen and Alric had split off from the group and walked deeper into the packhouse, while Talia and Yaela had mixed into the sea of wolves, chatting away and mingling. Oren was still a no-show. He had no idea where the brat had gone. He had tried texting him and calling as well but all he got in response was a text saying, “I’ll be there in a bit. Cover for me please. Thanks, Eli.”

[ch4:p8] Elior stood in shock thinking, What the hell am I supposed to do with that? Frigging Oren. Whatever.

[ch4:p9] As he walked closer towards Talia and Yaela, he heard a couple of young males talking derogatorily about the girls, he glanced in that direction, threw his arm out, and put pressure on them. Sensing the pressure, their eyes widened and the males looked up and saw him walking towards them, realising he was the one releasing the pressure. They lowered their eyes and backed off, disappearing into the crowd.

[ch4:p10] Elior maintained a fine level of control to ensure no one else felt the pressure as he reined it all back in, maintaining his facade of looking quite a bit weaker than he actually was. Elior continued in Talia’s direction, knowing Malcolm and Evelyn should be arriving soon.

[ch4:p11] A subtle pressure spread through the hall, and everyone turned their heads towards the raised platform of the stage as Malcolm and Evelyn strolled in, smiling. Malcolm was dressed in a sharp black tux and Evelyn in a lovely forest green dress. They both walked to the centre of the stage and Malcolm picked up the mic.

[ch4:p12] Whilst the crowd was focused on the hosts, Elior noticed his mother slip in from one of the side entrances with Alric and a red-haired young woman in tow. Elior stared in their direction but couldn’t place the female.

[ch4:p13] His mother spotted him with his sisters and headed in their direction. Drawing closer, Roisen addressed her son, “The tux looks phenomenal on you, Eli.”

[ch4:p14] “Thanks, Mum,” replied Elior. As they were about to continue Malcolm started speaking so they focused on him.

[ch4:p15] Malcolm smiled and spoke, “As you all know I don’t like long speeches so I will spare you all the torture and get right to it. Thank you all for being here to join me in celebrating my six hundred and fiftieth birthday. It’s a pleasure and an honour to have you all here for this occasion. My wife and I welcome you all. Please have a drink, eat, mingle, and be merry. Have a wonderful night people.”

[ch4:p16] Following the speech Malcolm and Evelyn stepped off the stage. As they moved through the hall, various people came by to stop them, wish them well, and cracked a quick joke. They walked up to a smaller group with five men standing around a table, two of them looked identical except one was older, with grey hairs at his temples. The other looked younger, probably in his twenties. Across from them stood two others: one looking middle-aged and the other looking like he was well into his seventies, with more grey than black in his hair. Every single one of them was very large and the energy around them screamed danger at least that was true for three of the four. The younger one, likely the older male’s heir.

[ch4:p17] From the looks of it, it would be a while before Malcolm and Evelyn escaped the sea of guests.

[ch4:p18] Looking away from them, Elior focused again on his mother, Alric, and the girl with them. Talia and Yaela did the same. Just as Elior was about to speak, he noticed Oren walking over. However, Oren wasn’t alone. Surprisingly, Arseny was walking over alongside him. Elior made a mental note to find out what he had been up to.

[ch4:p19] Talia looked over at Oren and asked, “Where the hell have you been? Did you fall asleep in the damn shower?”

[ch4:p20] “Huh? The shower? What the hell are you talking about? Why would I be sleeping in the shower?” replied Oren, confused as to what his sister was saying.

[ch4:p21] “Oi, dumbass. I told them you were in the shower and that you would be running late.” Elior said using his telepathic gift.

[ch4:p22] “I’m talking about you being late by almost an hour. We got ready and left the house thirty minutes ago,” said Talia.

[ch4:p23] Oren scratched the back of his neck and said, “Sorry, I got held up on my way here. Anyway, I’m here now.”

[ch4:p24] Roisen stepped in and said, “Alright that’s enough. Allow me to introduce you all to Annabelle, Malcolm’s youngest. Anna, these are my children; Elior, Talia, and Oren. As well as my nephew Arseny.”

[ch4:p25] Annabelle smiled at them and introduced herself, “Hi, as auntie Ro said I’m Annabelle, but you can call me Anna.”

[ch4:p26] Oren smiled at Annabelle and asked, “I don’t think I ever met you last I was here”.

[ch4:p27] Roisen replied before Annabelle and said, “You couldn’t have, she was two years old at the time, and she was at home with her grandparents throughout the party.” Roisen turned to Annabelle and said, “Forty years later and you’re all grown up now and thirty-two years old.”

[ch4:p28] As they were speaking Everett walked over after barely escaping yet another group looking to make connections with the family. He spotted his sister as he cut through the crowd.

[ch4:p29] Joining Elior’s group Everett gave his greetings to Roisen, Alric, Elior, Talia, Oren, and Arseny, before speaking to Annabelle. “How were patrols? Any suspicious movement?”

[ch4:p30] “Nope, quiet as a graveyard out there,” replied Annabelle.

[ch4:p31] Everett nodded saying, “That’s good. Quiet is always best.”

[ch4:p32] Turning to the rest of the group, Everett asked how their night had been so far and the answers he received were varied. Roisen and Alric had just arrived so they had nothing to say.

[ch4:p33] Talia and Yaela on the other hand had a very eventful evening so far. They’d had random pompous wolves flirt with them, discovered that quite a few people here didn’t even know where Austria was and they had the unfortunate pleasure of running into the misogynistic arrogant Carter brothers.

[ch4:p34] All in all, they’d had a pretty colourful night. As the conversation moved on to Arseny and Oren, a door opened on the far right and a tall woman with red hair like Evelyn and Annabelle walked in wearing a stunning black dress. The woman looked like a younger version of Evelyn. A few people came up to talk to her to which she offered perfunctory replies and made her way to Malcolm and Evelyn.

[ch4:p35] Ariana walked towards Evelyn and stopped a few feet short. Evelyn’s head turned in Ariana’s direction, she linked Malcolm and they separated from the group and walked over to their daughter, and they started speaking through their mind links.

[ch4:p36] “Hi love, how were things over at New Dawn?” asked Evelyn.

[ch4:p37] Ariana replied, “It’s worse than we thought. I spoke to a couple of patrol warriors and trackers there and it looks like Barren Hill hasn’t been completely honest about the number of attacks on their territory”

[ch4:p38] “What?! How many attacks were there?” asked Malcolm. The frost in his tone practically dropped the temperature around them. Evelyn held his hand tighter, calming her husband down.

[ch4:p39] “According to some of the trackers and patrols down at New Dawn, Barren Hill’s patrols have spiked twice in the last four weeks and once two weeks before the attack on New Dawn,” said Ariana.

[ch4:p40] Malcolm thought for a second then replied, “That could simply be them finally taking it more seriously after the other packs got attacked. It doesn’t mean they were attacked more than they’re letting on.”

[ch4:p41] “That’s what I thought at first, but the tracker – his name is Glenn by the way. Anyway, Glenn and a couple of his buddies caught some foreign scents around Greg’s borders, then two days after that the scent of fresh blood hit them. At first they ignored it thinking some of Barren Hill’s warriors must have torn into each other. But then a friend of Glenn’s was on patrol and noticed the Barren Hill guys had two more than usual and they were acting shifty as hell,” said Ariana.

[ch4:p42] She continued saying, “This is where it starts to get weird. A week after that they caught the foreign scent again, only stronger meaning more unknown trespassers. Three months after that was when Greg stated they were attacked and Glenn’s friend in patrol caught the same scent on that day.”

[ch4:p43] “Goddamn it, Gregory. I knew that old wolf was an incompetent, prideful bastard, but this is a whole new level,” seethed Malcolm. Evelyn’s eyes had already started glowing.

[ch4:p44] Ariana continued, “That’s not all. Glenn’s cousin is mated and married to a male from Barren Hill and his cousin mentioned that her husband who’s one of the warriors there had received a mind link about a rogue attack and by the time they got there, they only saw the injured pack warriors and four haggard figures running off.”

[ch4:p45] Not giving her father time to digest that, Ariana got to her final point saying, “The final nail in the coffin though was that on the day of the attack at New Dawn, Glenn’s friend on patrol caught the same foreign scent off the rogues that attacked, and what really makes this whole mess scarier is what we realised after confirming all the points. They attacked in small numbers, only enough to draw some attention before running off and not once did they try to take anything or anyone. The whole situation screams it was a recon job, and they’ve been doing the same here. That plus the Barren Hill patrol jumping to thrice the usual number screams somethings off and they know it.”

[ch4:p46] Malcolm’s fists tightened until his knuckles turned white. He was seconds away from shifting. Seeing this Evelyn held his hand tighter and pulled him closer to her. After a few seconds, Malcolm calmed down and Evelyn spoke, “We figured out that the attacks were reconnaissance missions thanks to Roisen, she provided insight from an outside perspective. But this changes things. We need to up the patrols immediately. Gabriel’s still tearing up the border near Graystone. I’ll mind link Gabriel and have him put more men on patrols near Barren Hill.”

[ch4:p47] “Got it. We should probably up patrols all around just in case”, said Ariana.

[ch4:p48] Malcolm nodded in agreement as he sent a message to Gabriel via the pack link. Once he was done, he sent a message to his beta Johnathan to come back, then he signalled for Roisen and the others to join them as they walked towards another room.
